layout: post
title: What Have I Committed To?
description: My second post
image: assets/images/pic02.jpg
---

# 20 Minutes or Less

## What Have I Committed To?

My new favorite word is *dysregulated*. It's a DBT word. What's DBT? It stands for Dialectical Behavior Therapy. What's that? Oh, it's way too long to explain now, and you all are a CBT crowd anyway.

I'm **dysregulated**. 

You guys know how it is. I have committed to writing short pieces for this blog on what some might say is a weekly basis, and now I realize that I have doomed myself to a lifetime of regrets. 

I like writing. I like it when people read my writing. I like it when people read my writing and laugh. I feel better once I have written something. I expect that this blog will be a wonderful outlet for my crazy, and I think that others who read it might feel it's a little bit of an outlet for their crazy too. (Remember, audience, you are the group of people attending the OCD Conference. There might be a few therapists and family members lurking in your midst, but I am going to go ahead and assume that most of you are crazy in the same way that I'm crazy.)

Back to this blog being a wonderful outlet for me; THAT IS EXACTLY WHY IT IS SUCH A TERRIBLE ENDEAVOR THAT I WILL PROBABLY REGRET FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE. I mean, had I just said I wouldn't do it, then I wouldn't have to endure the following monologue from my OCD:

> *You know that you can't say whatever is on your mind, right? You have to filter yourself. It would be awesome if you could write all about DBT and your life experiences working in mental health, but doing that might preclude you from ever working in the mental health field again. Confidentiality is key. You might be verging on breaking confidentiality by saying that you work in mental health and you teach skills from DBT. **Oh no, I've said way too much.** You might go and write this on the blog now, because you are stupid and don't know how to keep a secret. Well, just remember, I'm looking out for your best interests. Talk to you later!*

## Wrap-up

Well, on that note, I'm running out of time. You know what, OCD? Maybe you're right. 

P.S. Between talking to Jeremy about how to write using his special language and reading over this thing, it has been a little over 20 minutes. 
