---
layout: post
title: Tea Thoughts
description: My first post
image: assets/images/pic01.jpg
---

# 20 Minutes or Less

## Tea Thoughts

This is my first go at **20 Minutes or Less**, and I hope that everyone reading this understands that 20 minutes or less is a daunting concept. I mean, I'm already at 18:38 and the clock just keeps ticking. Do I continue to type furiously whatever pops into my mind or do I sit and think about what I am saying? No matter what, I am committed to the concept. I will stick to 20 minutes or less. 

## You, The Audience

Since Jeremy has assured me that this so-called blog will be both difficult to find and not advertised as having any sort of value, I feel that it is appropriate that I play god with my audience and create you in the image of whatever the fuck I want. *I immediately feel bad for saying this and what you to know that I appreciate you, imaginary audience; I really do.*

I have told some people in my life that I would like to do stand-up comedy someday at the International OCD Foundation (IOCDF) Conference. I believe that folks attending that conference would be particularly receptive to my brand of stand-up (which I hope to someday create by actually writing and performing stand-up). I also believe that if I bomb they will give me pity laughs anyway because it would break their little obsessive compulsive hearts to hurt my feelings. In short, the obsessive compulsive freaks are my ideal audience. Point of clarification: I am an obsessive compulsive freak. Please do not yell at me for perpetuating stigma; I will do the yelling internally and report back if I experience anything worthwhile as a result of it.


I will, from now on, address my posts to you, my obsessive compulsive friends. This is going to be an exciting journey.

## Wrap-up

This is the part where I commit to doing this again. Guys, there's still 5:48 on the clock. Did I do something wrong?

 
