# 20 Minutes or Less

## Backstory

​	*Why DBT?*

​	Because I need to make money and prove my worth to the world somehow, that's why. 

​	*But, Gillian, why are you talking about something called Dialectical Behavior Therapy when we are an audience of people with OCD, for whom the gold standard treatment is Exposure and Response Prevention, a type of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy?*

​	Because it's not always about you; stop whining. And because Jeremy told me to write about DBT, and so I am doing it to get him to stop breathing down my neck about it. 

​	*That doesn't sound like something someone who is about to teach me DBT skills would say. That sounds judgmental.*

​	Oh, it sounds like you already know everything about DBT. Would you like to teach the class?

​	*No comment.*

​	That's what I thought.

### What the fuck is DBT, and is a dialectic a noun?

​	Before I answer that question, I think you deserve a little context. 

​	I would not know a single damn thing about DBT had I not begun working with kids and teens in a mental health setting. I would not be working with kids and teens in a mental health setting had I not volunteered with young adults in a mental health setting. I would not have volunteered with young adults in a mental health sitting had I not had some very positive personal experiences in a mental health setting. I would not have had these positive experiences in a mental health setting had I not taken a medical leave of absence from college to engage in ERP treatment for OCD. I would not have taken a medical leave of absence from college to engage in ERP treatment for OCD had I not nearly flunked out of college. I would not have nearly flunked out of college had I not struggled with OCD symptoms in college. I would not have struggled with OCD symptoms in college if I hadn't been born. I would not have been born if, as one of my mother's sisters likes to say, someone had had the sense to stop the faulty gene pool at my mother's generation. 

​	The truth is, no one had the sense to do that, and so, I was born, I did struggle with OCD symptoms in college, I did take a medical leave of absence from college to engage in ERP treatment for OCD, I did have positive personal experiences in a mental health setting, I did volunteer with young adults in a mental health setting, I did work with kids and teens in a mental health setting, and I do know between one and ten things about DBT. 

​	I'm not sure about any of those things, though, and I spent more than 20 minutes on this post. 

